README.md, before:

# **soundboard**

## **Project Description**

**soundboard** is an online repository of music information. **soundboard** utilizes the **TheAudioDB API** to organize information on recording artists in a user-friendly interface. 


## **Mockups**

Below is a mockup of the site's "Find an Artist" feature.

![findAnArtist](https://i.imgur.com/VNbAAMW.png)

## **User Experience**

Upon entering the site, the user will be greeted with a welcome message and a search bar for finding artists. Once an artist has been selected, a quickview container will populate with information on the artist. 

#### User Story One

>Lorem 

#### User Story Two

>Lorem

## **Technology Used**

![Tech Used](https://i.imgur.com/6OQkMaA.png)

## **TheAudioDB API**

This project utilizes the TheAudioDB API.

## **Trello Board**

To follow the progress of this project please visit the Trello Board linked below.

https://trello.com/b/ts6KXBBN

## **Credits**

Created by William Hunter Long

https://github.com/whlong1

Commit message:

Final changes to HTML and CSS docs. Reversed order of album chart array to display the top ranked album first

README.md, after:

# **soundboard**

## **Project Description**

**soundboard** is an online repository of music information. **soundboard** utilizes the **TheAudioDB API** to organize information on recording artists in a user-friendly interface. With **soundboard**, users can find an artist's biography, full discography, and even information on individual albums. **soundboard** also provides an up to date list of the top trending albums on iTunes. 


## **Mockups**

Below is a mockup of the site's "Find an Artist" feature. My goal here was to keep the user's focus on the content, with an unobtrusive and versatile design.

![findAnArtist](https://i.imgur.com/VNbAAMW.png)

## **User Experience**

Upon entering the site, the user will be greeted with a welcome message. The user may navigate to the find an artist page, or the music charts page. With the artist search bar, a user can find access an artist's biography, discography, and details on specific albums.

#### User Story One

>As a young music fan, I want to familiarize myself with the supposed luminaries of my favorite musical genre. With **soundboard** I can view an artist's full discography with an easy to use interface. 

#### User Story Two

>>As a long time music fan, I want to know what music is currently trending. With **soundboard** I can view the top trending albums on iTunes. 

## **Technology Used**

![Tech Used](https://i.imgur.com/6OQkMaA.png)

## **TheAudioDB API**

This project utilizes the TheAudioDB API. For more information on this API, please visit the link below.

https://www.theaudiodb.com

#### Code Snippets

In this project, multiple search calls were used in conjunction to return as much information as possible. 
You can find an example of the returned data below. This particular example returns all album details from an artist's name.

![code](https://i.imgur.com/mB89EON.png)

## **Trello Board**

To follow the progress of this project please visit the Trello Board linked below.

https://trello.com/b/ts6KXBBN

## **Credits**

Created by William Hunter Long

https://github.com/whlong1
